Don't ignore labels from unhealthy containers in docker provider (#8690)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/providers/docker.md

```bash tab="CLI"
--providers.docker.tls.insecureSkipVerify=true
```

### `allowEmptyServices`

_Optional, Default=false_

> If the parameter is set to `true`,
> it allows the creation of an empty [servers load balancer](../routing/services/index.md#servers-load-balancer)
> if the corresponding docker containers are not in a [healthy state](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#healthcheck).
> This results in `503` HTTP responses instead of `404` ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the parameter is set to `true`, any [servers load balancer](../routing/services/index.md#servers-load-balancer)
defined for docker containers stays alive and responsive when it becomes empty, i.e. when all its children containers
become [unhealthy](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#healthcheck).
This results in `503` HTTP responses instead of `404` ones.
```

> If the parameter is set to `true`,
> it allows the creation of an empty [servers load balancer](../routing/services/index.md#servers-load-balancer)
> if the corresponding docker containers are not in a [healthy state](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#healthcheck).
> This results in `503` HTTP responses instead of `404` ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the parameter is set to `true`, any [servers load
balancer](../routing/services/index.md#servers-load-balancer) defined for docker
containers is created regardless of the
[healthiness](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#healthcheck) of
the corresponding containers. It also then stays alive and responsive even at
times when it becomes empty, i.e. when all its children containers become
unhealthy.
This results in `503` HTTP responses instead of `404` ones, in the above cases.
```
